On the day of the old man’s birthday party
Just take this wine
Give it to the woman named Shen and ask her to give it to Jiang Mian.
Even if the woman didn't spike the wine
As long as everyone sees it
Jiang Mian had the accident after drinking the wine she gave him.
She was charged with murdering her husband.
But don't worry
I have been waiting for this day for more than twenty years
After tomorrow
The Jiang family belongs to us, mother and son.
You still have Facebook
If not more than twenty years ago
You took my medicine to do that kind of thing
Do I need to play dumb here until today?
Mom, it’s been so long
You even took it out and said it
So what did I know when I was a teenager?
I thought that if I killed Dajun and his family, everything would be over.
How did I know someone came back to our picture?
If not, no one would think of it
It's when a teenager goes blind
No matter how much money I spend to help you hide it, it’s useless
Then haven’t I endured this for more than twenty years?
If I weren't afraid that others would find our pictures
Many generals were killed
I wrongly thought that he was so ill that he had only a few days to live.
Who would have known that something would happen the day after he graduated?
There's no point in being alarmed
Waited for tomorrow
He drank and died
His wife was arrested
It's us, mother and son, who have the final say
My hometown is me
No one can take it away